Add support customized IPSans and DNSSans for server-tls server cert for vault (#1020)
hashicorp/consul-k8s: CHANGELOG.md

IMPROVEMENTS:
* Helm
  * Vault: Allow passing arbitrary annotations to the vault agent. [[GH-1015](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1015)]

>   * Vault: Add support customized IPSans and DNSSans for server-tls server cert for vault [GH-1020](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1020)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Vault: Add support for customized IP and DNS SANs for server cert in Vault. [[GH-1020](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1020)]
```
